[MUSIC PLAYING]
ROB DODSON: Hey there,
polycasters, Rob here.
So before coming
into the studio,
we tweeted out a question
to see what folks wanted
to see in the next episode of
"Polycast," and a lot of folks
wrote in and said they wanted
to know how to lazy load Polymer
elements to improve the
performance of their apps.
So that's exactly what
we're going to cover today.
Now to do that, we're
going to start off
over here at the Polymer docs.
And we're going to go
down to the API reference.
And sometimes, we
might not even realize
that we have an API
reference, but it's
hidden down here in the
sidebar for the documentation.
You can go click
on that, and that's
going to take you to this
classic Polymer doc layout
if you've seen this
before on other elements.
And this is where you can
find all of the properties
and methods of the
Polymer object itself,
so a lot of really cool
stuff inside of here.
This is also where, for
instance, the Polymer
Templatizer documentation is.
So if you wanted to create
your own version of dom-if
or dom-repeat, you
could use Templatizer
to do that-- just a
helpful tidbit there.
But what we're
interested in here
is this Polymer Base object.
And Polymer Base is
the base prototype
for all Polymer elements.
And it's where we hide
interesting methods,
and properties, and
stuff like that.
The one I'm into is called
importHref, down here.
We can hit the "embiggen"
button to make it larger.
And so what importHref
is going to do,
it's going to give us the
ability to dynamically load
an HTML import at runtime.
It's got a few
arguments that it takes.
The first argument is, we're
going to give it an href,
so basically, just a path to
some component or some HTML
import that you want
to pull in at runtime.
And then it wants callbacks
for on success, on error.
And lastly, it takes an option,
which specifies whether or not
you want the link tag to have
an async attribute on it.
So what I'm going to do is
I'm going to use importHref,
and I'm going to build
a sample application.
This is the app that I
have thrown together.
It is called Polymeal.
It's a social
network for foodies
and, I guess, people
that like stir fry,
because there's a lot
of pictures of stir fry.
And you can either go
to the browse section--
and you see, here, that I've
got all sorts of yummy photos--
or you could go to the activity
feed, and you could see,
maybe, I'd be posting
status updates
from all the cool, awesome
restaurants that I'm eating at.
Now the main thing to
take away from this
is that these two sections have
very, very different content.
This one is a whole
bunch of cards
with some paper buttons on it.
And this activity
feed is, instead,
just these little
status blurb things.
So there's no reason
to load all these card
elements if the user
is just starting off
in the activity feed, right?
It would just make more
sense to load that at runtime
to reduce the bandwidth
for our total application.
So to do that, we're going
to use importHref over here
in our code editor.
So this is my x-app element
that I have started off with.
And what I'm going to do is I'm
going to have an x-app element.
Inside of x-app, I will chuck
in a little iron-pages here.
And inside of
iron-pages, we'll have
sections for the
different bits of our app
that we are interested in.
So I've got a browse section
and an activity section.
And we've also got
the Page.js router
loaded into x-app as well.
So if we go down to the
JavaScript definition,
you can see that I've got
a basic route stubbed out.
And what I want to do is,
when the route changes
to either the browse section
or the activity section,
I'm going to call Polymer's
importHref method, load
in my element definition.
Once that's loaded
in, I will then
tell iron-pages to switch
over to that section.
Now, the first thing
I want to do though,
since we're starting
off just at slash--
right now what we're
doing is we're actually
just loading a shell that
looks like this, right?
We're not hitting either the
browse or the activity section,
so the user's got
nothing to look at.
So we'll start
off by redirecting
them-- page.redirect--
over to the browse section.
So this way, we just have
a nice starting point.
I'm going to write another
handler for browse,
so page('/browse').
And you'll notice,
here, that I'm
using ES6 fat arrow functions.
That just makes it
a little bit easier
to deal with the scoping
of the this value inside
of these handlers.
So I'll say, page.browse.
And what I first want to do is
see if the element has already
been loaded.
Has this page been
loaded before?
Because if it has, there's
no reason to import it again.
So we'll call Polymer's
isInstance method.
And this is something that
I-- I don't even think it's
well documented.
It might seriously not even
exist anywhere in our docs.
But I spoke with our tech
writer, this is a thing.
You can use it to check to see
if an element is an upgraded
Polymer element.
So because both our browse
element and our activity
element have IDs, we
can reference them
using automatic node finding.
And we could say this.$.browse.
So if this is already
a Polymer element,
let's just go ahead and return.
No reason to do anything.
No importing or anything
like that is needed.
But we will set the selected
value to 'browse.' And then
what that's going to do
is that's going to tell
our iron-pages up here to
switch to that section.
So you can see, we're binding
its selected attribute
to that property.
OK?
Now, if the element
has not been loaded,
if it hasn't been
upgraded yet, now we're
going to import its definition.
So we'll call
Polymer.Base.importHref(.
And we're going to pass it
a path to the HTML import,
for the browse section,
that we want to load,
so
elements/x-browse/x-browse.html.
And then we'll give it a
success handler to run.
So we're going to
say, all right, cool,
the element loaded in.
Let's now set this selected
state to 'browse.' That'll tell
iron-pages to update.
And now we can return,
exit our route here.
We should be good to go.
If we go back and we look
at our application now
and we refresh the
page, it should
redirect to the browse
section, and it should start
loading in all of those cards.
Awesome, right?
Now we need to do the same
thing for the activity section.
So I can just grab this
entire route right here
and do some dangerous
copy and paste work here.
We're just going to go through
and, any place where it says
'browse' we'll just flip
it out for 'activity.'
[SWOOSHING SOUNDS] Activity--
thank you, spell-check.
So when we go to /activity,
we're going to check to see
if the activity
element is upgraded.
If it is, return.
If it's not, import it.
Let's go and give that a look.
So refresh the page.
And we see our browse section.
Looking good.
We go to the activity
section and, boom,
we've got our status feed
showing up right there.
Now, there's still a lot of
unanswered questions to this.
I showed you the quick and dirty
version of using importHref.
But what we didn't
talk about was,
do we need to vulcanize these
things into different bundles,
and if so, how do we
exclude common dependencies.
Or can we just use
HTTP/2 to maybe server
push all the things or multiplex
stream all of our dependencies?
So there are still
a lot of things
that remain to be worked out.
And what we're
going to do is we're
going to talk about those in an
upcoming episode of "Polymer."
But today, for what
we've done here,
if you have any questions,
please leave them for me
down in the comments.
Otherwise, you
can always ping me
on a social network of your
choosing at #AskPolymer.
As always, thank you
so much for watching,
and I'll see you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Otherwise, you can ping me
on a social network at--
MALE SPEAKER: Take two.
ROB DODSON: I'll keep all
the fun stuff up here,
top 2/3 of the screen.